ladies and gentlemen, I would know tonight
we will make a raviolo we did
we have homemade pasta
cut has known as enough
we did go with some
water and we took it off had put it up
a sheet of baking paper with a
little bit of oil on now we will go to
put an asparagus cream on the base
in this way have been cooked
asparagus are desalted and have been
passed to the mixer with a little oil the
let's put this in a mirror on
base of our raviolone we took
a private egg yolk of his album e
we're going to position it above in this
way without trying to break it
we will go to salt and then we will go to give
a sour note with a bit of zest of
lime in this world only the green part
to give him some acidity
in this way
now we're going to cover ours
raviolone in this way with much
delicacy you see it also shows
through the pasta this way
now as you can see
we will cook steam again for about 5 minutes
and no more our raviolone without
obviously cook the egg yolk
that when you go to eat then you will have to
still remain liquid
let's go and cover for five
minutes for the end of crying